OK let's talk about promoting using Facebook mobile app ads if you want more downloads or installs than
Facebook app install ads are right for you.
Show your ads on Facebook news feed and direct users to the App Store to download increased downloads
by using Facebook's targeting options to reach your apps most relevant demographic easily create and
run these ads with just a u r l the ability to customize your app.
Is also a new feature you'll like before all content within the ad was originally pulled directly right
from the App Store.
Now you can add a custom message changed the title and upload a new app icon.
You can also choose from several other call to action buttons besides the install now.
1.
Be sure to check the recommended link below and I'll see you in the next lecture.